this is Fox 25 News at 10:00
leaving the dentist with a smile new
hope for people who are afraid of
getting their teeth clean so and if you
dread going to the dentist this is the
story for you coming up a 10 and local
dentist who's working to make your next
visit stress-free well each year
millions of Americans avoid going to the
dentist and overtime obviously that can
cause them a lot of pain when that with
local dentists in Randolph is trying to
make your next trip to the dentist a
little easier Maria Stefano's typhus how
it can be a terrifying sound because you
know what's about to happen nobody
really likes going to the dentist for
some it's the drill for others the
awkward chair or the tools but for Paula
Richardson there's probably the pain the
pain you're afraid of getting things I'm
afraid of the pain because of her fear
paula has avoided the dentist for 20
years and I said I had to wait until the
pain was greater than the fear and now
she's paying the price inevitably got a
terrible toothache that was unrelieved
by prayer called and said I have a
terrible toothache paula is one of 94
million Americans who fear the dentist
but now there's hope for patients like
her so we have come up with a new way of
doing things in this new ways sedation
dentistry dr. Robert Emami has practiced
sedation dentistry for over two years
and says it makes going to the dentist
easy and painless and it's great because
they come in once and they get 10 15
different procedures done at one time
and his patients agree I highly
recommend it to anybody who's phobic yes
yeah it's very um takes the edge off it
makes me relax here's how sedation
dentistry works the patient will
typically take a valium the night before
their appointment the morning of the
procedure they take a triathlon which is
a Saturday it's a very safe sedative and
they take that and that's where the
process starts they come into the office
we reassess them and we
finding out how much more medicine they
need now we just take it from there
after the work is done doctor Emami says
the patients usually leave the chair
with a new smile and no pain it's really
important for their experience to be a
comfortable relaxing and non memorable
experience which would be nice
Maria Stefano's Fox 25 News and doctor
Emami reminds us that your oral health
can affect your overall health so it's
important to visit the dentist at least
twice a year